[Music]
discover why your skin is getting darker
and seven steps you can start taking now
to fix it one of the biggest mistakes
you could make is to use skin bleaching
dreams the dangers of skin bleaching are
well documented yet skin bleaching
creams line the shelves of beauty supply
stores and they continue to sell daily
hydroquinone is the active ingredient in
most skin bleaching creams but it's not
the only dangerous in bleaching agent it
has been known to cause Treach marks
cause the skin to become very thin but
one unexpected result is that if used
beyond the recommended time it will make
your skin become darker than before
these bleaching agents are highly toxic
and overload your liver when your liver
is overloaded with toxins it always
shows up on your skin if you are
bleaching your skin for months you will
most definitely experience the Darkman
of your skin because long-term bleaching
adds too much toxins to your body maybe
you are already experiencing this issue
if you are you are not alone in this
more and more people experience in this
extreme dark need to the skin and don't
know what to do about it
it can make anyone depressed to find the
skin becoming worse than they expected
using another skin lightening cream
won't work as a matter of fact it's what
most people do only to suffer long-term
damage to their skin there are seven
steps you could start taking to solve
this issue if you're experiencing
skinned often and don't know what to do
about it your first step is to
completely stop any use of skin
bleaching creams give your body a rest
the new skin lightening formula program
was created especially for those of you
who have a troubling time with your skin
it will show you more of what you are
doing which causes the added skin
Darkman instead of going for a more
aggressive skin bleaching cream to
correct the issue go with something more
gentle which is what you should have
done in the first place go is something
completely natural always use a
sunscreen to protect your skin from
getting darker incorporate a good
healthy natural sunscreen lotion every
single day even when you are living in
the cold any bit of Sun will and can
increase this issue eliminate most
prepackaged sunscreens because they - a
leader with chemicals which make the
situation work use a soap and shampoo
that do not contain perfumes and dyes
baechu increase in darken on skin that
is already experiencing added skin
Darkman issues due to bleaching creams
trial health food stall for something
more organic castile soap is a gentle
solution it has no dyes and your skin
will begin to react differently when you
use it drink more water force yourself
to drink three to four large glasses of
water first stay in the morning before
any means
and three to four very large glasses
throughout the day what is healing it
will start the cleansing process and rid
your body of the high toxins which are
disturbing your skin clean up your diet
increase your intake of fresh fruits and
vegetables into your diet they to help
of healing you from the inside out
did you know that some of the everyday
foods you eat can also contribute to
skin Darkman have you ever noticed
glowing skin one day only to realize
that your skin is dark and dull the next
there are some things you should not eat
when you want to brighten up your skin
if you are experiencing skin darken
issues then you absolutely must
eliminate certain foods from your diet
until you solve this skin dump an issue